I missed my best girl we all do
Lucy's on a visit father she's spending
a week with a school friend she'll be
back Monday George how does it happen
you didn't tell us before he never said
a word to us about Lucy's going away
probably prayed to his note what am i
breakdown cry be tried to speak of it is
that so Georgie she was going she told
me at any rate Georgie didn't approve I
suppose you two are speaking again Jean
what's this I hear about someone else
opening up a horseless carriage shop
somewhere out the suburbs I suppose
they'll drive you out of business
perhaps the two of you'll get together
and drive all the rest others over the
street well we'll even things up by
making the streets bigger automobiles
will carry our streets clear out to the
county line well I hope you're wrong
because if people go to moving that far
our real estate values here in the old
residence part of town will be stretched
pretty thin so your devilish machines
you're gonna ruin all your old friend
Leigh Jean do you really think they're
gonna change the face of the land
they're already doing it major and it
can't be stopped
automobile more bills are a useless
nuisance what did you say George
I said automobiles are a useless
nuisance never amount to anything but a
nuisance they had no business to be
invented
of course you forget mr. Morgan makes
them also did he Sheeran inventing them
if you weren't so thoughtless he might
think you're rather offensive I'm not
sure George is wrong about automobiles
with all their speed forward they may be
a step backward in civilization maybe
that they won't add to the beauty of the
world or the life of men's souls I'm not
sure but automobiles have come in almost
all output things are going to be
different because of what they bring
they're going to alter war and they're
going to all the piece I think men's
minds are going to be changed in subtle
ways because of automobile
and it may be the judges right maybe
that in 10 or 20 years from now if we
can see the inward change in men by that
time I shouldn't be able to defend the
gasoline engine but would have to agree
with George that automobiles had no
business to be invented
[Music]